Hanami, you see some big names here today
I heard that the four commanders of the east, west, north and south will also come
Anyway today
Such a big gift for the commander-in-chief
Must be able to get closer to the commander-in-chief
At that time, your official appearance
It's not easy.
Today I'm going to have a showdown with Lin Junyun
I'll wait at your house.
Is there anything wrong with the tobacco soil?
Don't worry, it's my most trusted.
Lin Junyu, do you really dare to come?
Gu Beichen, what do you mean?
everyone
I'm not afraid of your jokes.
My wife, Lin Jingyun
He didn't go home with me last night
Instead, he went back to his house with Li Feiyu
The two of them came together today
Attend the Commander-in-Chief's Birthday Banquet
It's not just about hitting me in the face
This is also slapping our commander-in-chief in the face
Lin Jingyuan, you really went down